/**
@title People and pets
@author Kaarel Kaljurand
@version 2008-07-22

This is the automatic ACE verbalization of the people+pets ontology
with some manual post-editing, namely:

deleted: If something X is-part-of something Y then Y has-part X.
deleted: If something X has-part something Y then Y is-part-of X.
deleted: If something X eats something Y then Y eaten-by X.
deleted: If something X eaten-by something Y then Y eats X.
deleted: If something X has-pet something Y then Y is-pet-of X.
deleted: If something X is-pet-of something Y then Y has-pet X.
deleted: Tom is something. (and other similar assertions)
changed: is-part-of -> is a part of
changed: is-pet-of -> is a pet of
changed: has-pet -> 's pet is; whose pet is, ...
changed: is has-pet by -> is a pet of
changed: is has-mother by -> is a mother of
changed: has-pet was renamed to has-as-pet if it was used with plural noun phrases (at least N, nothing but, ...)
changed: Every newspaper is something that is a broadsheet or that is a tabloid. (rephrased without 'something', there was one other similar change)
added: sentences linking has-as-pet and 'is a pet of'
changed: The42 service-number 42. -> The42's service-number is 42.
changed: something X -> X (the new version of the verbalizer does this as well)

Note that this text can be parsed with APE's built-in common words' lexicon Clex
and using guessing. There is no need for a user lexicon, i.e. unknown wordforms
are already in their lemma form and need no further morphological analysis
(e.g. although 'cat-liker' is an unknown form, it is already in singular, and
forms like 'eaten' which need to be transformed into 'eat' can be dealt with because
Clex knows about them).
*/

Everything that is read by something is a publication.

Everything that is read by a white-van-man is a tabloid.

Every tree is a plant.

Every person whose pet is a cat is a cat-owner.
Every cat-owner is a person whose pet is a cat.

Walt's pet is Louie.

Everything that is a mother of something is a woman.

Every dog eats a bone.

Walt's pet is Dewey.

Huey is a duck.

No broadsheet is a tabloid.

Joe's pet is Fido.

Flossie is a cow.

Every elderly is an adult.

Every giraffe is an animal.

Fred is a person.

Everything whose pet is something is a person.

The-Times is a broadsheet.

Every cat-liker is a person that likes a cat.
Every person that likes a cat is a cat-liker.

Every red-top is a tabloid.

Every quality-broadsheet is a broadsheet.

Every lorry is a vehicle.

Every man is an adult that is a male and that is a person.
Every adult that is a male and that is a person is a man.

Every driver is an adult.

Every bicycle is a vehicle.

The42's service-number is 42.

Every person is an animal.

Every grownup is an adult that is a person.
Every adult that is a person is a grownup.

Every old-lady is something whose pet is an animal and that has-as-pet nothing but cats.

Everything that is eaten by a sheep is a grass.

Every kid is a person that is a young.
Every person that is a young is a kid.

Every sheep is an animal.

The-Guardian is a broadsheet.

Every person that drives a bus is a bus-driver.
Every bus-driver is a person that drives a bus.

Every man that drives a van that is a white-thing is a white-van-man.
Every white-van-man is a man that drives a van that is a white-thing.

Every tiger is an animal.

Everything that works-for something that is a haulage-company or that is a part of a haulage-company is a haulage-worker.
Every haulage-worker works-for something that is a haulage-company or that is a part of a haulage-company.

Every duck is an animal.

Every animal eats something.

Every adult that is a female and that is a person is a woman.
Every woman is an adult that is a female and that is a person.

Every person whose pet is a dog is a dog-owner.
Every dog-owner is a person whose pet is a dog.

Everything that is a father of something is a man.

Everything that is eaten by a giraffe is a leaf.

Walt's pet is Huey.

The42 is a bus.

Every cat is an animal.

Rex is a pet of Mick.

Every haulage-company is a company.

Everything that eats something is an animal.

Fred's pet is Tibbs.

Every haulage-truck-driver is a person that drives a truck and that works-for something that is a part of a haulage-company.
Every person that drives a truck and that works-for something that is a part of a haulage-company is a haulage-truck-driver.

Mick is a male.

Louie is a duck.

Mick reads Daily-Mirror.

If X's pet is Y then X likes Y.

Every elderly that is a female and that is a person is an old-lady.
Every old-lady is an elderly that is a female and that is a person.

Every newspaper is a publication.

Q123-ABC is a white-thing.

Every lorry-driver is a person that drives a lorry.
Every person that drives a lorry is a lorry-driver.

Every dog-liker is a person that likes a dog.
Every person that likes a dog is a dog-liker.

Kevin is a person.

Mick drives Q123-ABC.

Every van is a vehicle.

Every animal-lover is a person that has-as-pet at least 3 things.
Every person that has-as-pet at least 3 things is an animal-lover.

Every bus-company is a company.

If X's father is Y then X's parent is Y.

Every car is a vehicle.

Joe has-as-pet at most 1 thing.

Fido is a dog.

Minnie is a female.

Everything that is an animal or that is a part of an animal is not a plant and is not a part of a plant.

Every animal that does not eat an animal and that does not eat something that is a part of an animal is a vegetarian.
Every vegetarian is an animal that does not eat an animal and that does not eat something that is a part of an animal.

Every bus is a vehicle.

Every broadsheet is a newspaper.

Minnie's pet is Tom.

The-Sun is a tabloid.

No cat is a dog.

Tibbs is a cat.

Q123-ABC is a van.

Every truck is a vehicle.

Every tabloid is a newspaper.

Dewey is a duck.

Every person that drives a van is a van-driver.
Every van-driver is a person that drives a van.

Fluffy is a tiger.

If X's mother is Y then X's parent is Y.

Joe is a person.

Every magazine is a publication.

Every cow is a vegetarian.

Every mad-cow is a cow that eats a brain that is a part of a sheep.
Every cow that eats a brain that is a part of a sheep is a mad-cow.

Everything that is a pet of something is an animal.

Every driver is a person that drives a vehicle.
Every person that drives a vehicle is a driver.

Everything that is a pet of something is a pet.
Every pet is a pet of something.

Every newspaper is a broadsheet or is a tabloid.

Every grass is a plant.

Every person whose pet is an animal is a pet-owner.
Every pet-owner is a person whose pet is an animal.

No adult is a young.

Minnie is an elderly.

Rex is a dog.

Every leaf is a part of a tree.

Walt is a person.

If X has-as-pet Y then Y is a pet of X.
If X is a pet of Y then Y has-as-pet X.
